Chazz: SO WHAT'S YOUR
PLAN EXACTLY?
QUIET. YOU'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT.
I BROUGHT
SOME GIFTS,
COMPLIMENTS
OF FROST.
YO, BLAZE! T-BONE!
TAKE 'EM TO KAIBA LAND.
AND WHAT'S WRONG
WITH YOU?
YOUR ARMS DON'T WORK?
FINE. I GET NO RESPECT.
LET'S GO, T-BONE.
SOMEONE CLUE ME IN.
WHY ARE WE LUGGING
TWO UNCONSCIOUS DORKS
TO A FUN PARK?
TO TRAP JADEN.
HEH HEH.
OF COURSE WHEN
HE COMES LOOKING,
HE'LL FIND
YOURS TRULY!
Sarina: SILENCE.
YOU HONESTLY THINK YOU HAVE
A CHANCE AGAINST JADEN?
YOU WERE BARELY ABLE
TO DEFEAT HIS PATHETIC FRIENDS!
YOUR JOB HERE IS
DONE. GOOD-BYE.
AND THAT GOES FOR
YOUR PARTNER, TOO!
[LAUGHTER]
PLEASE, SARINA, GIVE
US ANOTHER CHANCE!
[GASP]
[SARINA LAUGHING]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: WHERE ARE
THEY? SPILL IT!
SORRY, JADEN. BUT IF
YOU'RE NOT ONE OF US,
THEN YOU'RE AGAINST US!
BUT THEY'RE IN TROUBLE!
OUR BEST FRIENDS VANISHED
INTO THIN AIR!
DOESN'T THAT BOTHER YOU?!
WELL, I'M NOT LEAVING UNTIL
I KNOW WHERE THEY ARE!
OH, NOW WHAT?
Chazz: IF YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR YOUR FRIENDS, YOU'RE
IN THE WRONG PLACE.
BUT LUCKILY FOR YOU, I
KNOW WHERE TO FIND 'EM.
YOU EVER HEAR OF
KAIBA LAND?
OF COURSE I HAVE!
THEN BE THERE TOMORROW!
NOW GET LOST.
WAIT A SEC!
ARE THEY OK?
[GROANS]
Alexis: AND DON'T EVEN
THINK OF COMING BACK!
Chazz:
THIS PLACE IS RESERVED
FOR SOCIETY MEMBERS ONLY!
LATER, DORK.
MAN, WHAT A DAY!
Atticus: YOU'RE TELLIN' ME.
A LITTLE HELP HERE.
[GROANS]
ATTICUS?!
IT'S FROST!
AND THUNDER!
THE PRICE OF FAILURE.
AND YOU'LL BE NEXT...
UNLESS YOU PROVE
YOURSELVES MORE WORTHY
THAN YOUR COHORTS.
IF NOT, YOUR SOULS
BELONG TO ME!
[GASP]
NOW, THEN, I SUGGEST
THE TWO OF YOU GET TO WORK.
[CHUCKLES]
PEACE OUT, YO!
[SIGH]
SUCH A WASTE
OF POWER.
Jaden: JUDGING
BY THAT SHINER,
I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO HAD
A RUN-IN WITH THE WHITE DORM.
I THOUGHT
I'D SURPRISE HER.
I MEAN, I HAVEN'T
SEEN MY SISTER
IN FOREVER,
NOT SINCE SHE JOINED
THEIR SIDE.
HEY, ALEXIS! WANNA
SING A DUET WITH
YOUR BIG BRO? WELL?
[GROANS]
HEY, FELLAS.
THEY TOOK SYRUS
AND HASSLEBERRY, TOO.
SOME FIELD TRIP
THIS TURNED OUT TO BE.
THIS IS ALL MY FAULT!
Grandpa: HEY, KIDS.
WHY ALL THE LONG FACES?
HUH?
PERHAPS THESE WILL
CHEER YOU UP!
DIG IN! THERE'S PLENTY
FOR EVERYONE!
All: THREE CHEERS FOR GRANDPA!
HIP HIP HURRAY!
HIP HIP HURRAY...
CHIN UP. SO YOUR
FRIENDS GOT CAPTURED
BY AN EVIL PSYCHOPATH
WHO'S PLOTTING
WORLD DOMINATION.
NOT TO WORRY.
THAT HAPPENED
TO ME SEVERAL TIMES!
THE POOR GUYS.
WELL, YOU CAN'T RESCUE YOUR
FRIENDS ON AN EMPTY STOMACH!
I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
THANKS!
HELLO? JADEN?!
HEY! JUST PULL UP
A STUMP, BASTION!
YOU'RE STAYING
OUT HERE?
SURE, IT'S COZY,
BUT IT'S A FAR CRY
FROM A FOUR STAR HOTEL.
HE'S DEPRESSED ENOUGH
AS IT IS.
AT LEAST LET HIM
ENJOY HIS MEAL. HEE HEE!
YEAH. IT MIGHT BE HIS LAST!
I'M TELLIN' YA, T-BONE,
IF WE'RE NOT CAREFUL,
WE'RE GONNA END UP JUST
LIKE FROST AND THUNDER!
YO, DAT'S JUST WHACK!
WE GOTS TO
PROVE OURSELVES
TO THE BOSS, DAWG.
THEN SHE'LL BE
GIVIN' US SOME
MAD RESPECT,
KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
YOU'RE RIGHT!
I AM? I MEAN, YEAH,
BOY, LET'S DO THIS, YO!
WE NEED TO FIND
THIS JADEN.
AW, MAN! WE DON'T
EVEN KNOW WHAT
THE KID LOOKS LIKE!
TRUE THAT,
COUS.
HEY, ARE YOU
TWO GUYS OK?
WHAT DO YOU
THINK, KID?
THANKS FOR THE BURGERS.
WE WERE STARVING!
Y'ALL FROM THAT
ACADEMY, RIGHT?
[PURRS]
AS A MATTER OF FACT, WE ARE,
BUT HOW'D YA KNOW?
DUH. YOU'RE WEARING
SLIFER JACKETS.
WE TRIED TO GET
IN, BUT WE FAILED
THE TEST.
HA HA!
IT'S QUITE
COMPETITIVE, YOU KNOW.
YUGI THOUGHT SO, TOO!
YOU KNOW WHAT HE USED TO SAY?
I FORGET, BUT THE POINT
IS HE LIKED IT.
WELL, IF YOU'RE SO
GREAT, THEN LET'S DUEL!
RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW!
[GASP]
A DUEL?
YOU'RE WAY OUT
OF YOUR LEAGUE.
Blaze: OH, YEAH?!
Bastion: SEE HERE.
WE'VE GOT MORE
IMPORTANT THINGS TO DO.
AH, I SEE.
WHAT WOULD THE FOLKS
AT THE ACADEMY SAY
IF YOU LOST A DUEL TO
A COUPLE OF STREET THUGS?
WELL, LET ME TELL
YA SOMETHING! THIS
AIN'T SOME CLASSROOM.
YOU FANCY BOYS WOULDN'T
LAST A MINUTE OUT HERE!
NOW, THAT'S
A CHALLENGE!
I'M READY TO DUEL!
LET'S GO!
YO, I'M DOWN. BUT
WE BE ILLING, HOMEBOY!
Jaden:
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU JUST SAID.
BUT IF YOU WANT
TO THROW DOWN,
THEN LET'S GET
OUR GAME ON!
I'M ALL UP IN THERE.
IS THAT A YES?
SHO 'NUFF, G.
THEN WHAT'RE WE
WAITING FOR?
[PURRS]
T-BONE, NO MERCY!
TRUE THAT, BLAZE.
CHUMP IS TOAST!
GIMME A BREAK!
YOU DON'T THINK YOU'RE
A RAPPER, DO YOU
WHOSE NAME IS T-BONE?
OH, YEAH?!
WELL, WHAT'S YOUR
NAME, ACADEMY BOY?!
ME? I'M
JADEN YUKI!
WHAT?!
HOLD UP! FOR REAL?
YEAH.
WAIT A SECOND.
YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
UM, KIND OF.
IT IS MY NAME.
OH, MAN. THIS IS
OFF THE HOOK, YO!
YOU BELIEVE THIS?
WE FOUND HIM!
HUH?
Sarina: WELL,
CONGRATULATIONS, T-BONE.
BUT, BLAZE, I DON'T
WANT YOU TO FEEL LEFT OUT.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
WHY DON'T YOU LEND A HAND?
[SCREAMING]
NO!
MY HOMEY!
Sarina: YOUR PARTNER
SHOULD PROVE TO BE
MUCH MORE USEFUL NOW.
BUT...
NOW, DON'T LET ME
DOWN OR YOU'LL END UP
LIKE THE OTHERS!
WHO WAS THAT? DID
SHE KIDNAP SYRUS?!
DID YOU HELP?!
MAYBE I DID!
HM.
KICK IT, DAWG!
T-BONE IS IN THE HOUSE,
Y'ALL! LOOK OUT!
I BE CALLING
MINE GOLEM
IN ATTACK MODE!
FEEL THAT?
I ALSO BE LAYIN'
DOWN A SPELL CARD!
GUIDANCE TO ORE!
WHAT'S THAT?!
A DANGEROUS COMBO!
LAST I'M LAYIN' FLAT
SOME FACE-DOWNS!
IS THAT ALL YA GOT?
YOU'RE ALL TALK.
SIT BACK AND WATCH
HOW IT'S DONE!
I'M NOT TRYIN'
TO HEAR THAT, SEE?
[GROANS]
LET'S SEE IF YOU HEAR
THIS! OK, T-BONE?
THIS SHOULD DO.
NOW I SUMMON
MY SPARKMAN!
TAKE OUT HIS MINE GOLEM!
[GROANING]
MY BOY AIN'T
GONNA SPLIT YET,
NOT WITHOUT A FIGHT,
'CAUSE BEFORE GOLEM
HITS THE GRAVEYARD,
YOU GET SMOKED
FOR 500!
YOU THINK THAT'S FLY?
THEN CHECK OUT
MY GUIDANCE TO ORE!
NOW WHEN ONE OF MY ROCK
HOMEBOYS GETS CRUSHED,
I GET THE SAME PLAYER
FROM MY DECK, YO!
NOW EYES ON MY TRAP CARD--
MINEFIELD ERUPTION!
THIS BAD BOY TAKES YOU
FOR A THOUSAND POINTS
FOR EVERY MINE GOLEM
THAT I GOT.
AFTER THAT, I LOSE MY GOLEM,
BUT IT'S WORTH IT, DAWG!
[SCREAMING]
REWIND AND REPLAY,
'CAUSE GUIDANCE TO ORE
BRINGS BACK MY GOLEM!
DIG IT, CHUMP?
YOU NEVER GOIN' HOME!
ALL RIGHT, HOMES.
LET'S DO THIS!
I BE PLAYIN' POT OF
GREED! CHECK IT OUT.
I GET TWO CARDS.
THEN I'LL KICK GOLEM
TO THE CURB!
YES, YES, Y'ALL.
GIVE IT UP
FOR GRANMARG
THE ROCK MONARCH
TAKIN' CENTER STAGE
TO BUST SOME MOVES!
BUT FIRST, CHECK
OUT DAWG'S SPECIAL
ABILITY, YO!
I GET TO BLOW ONE
OF YOUR FACEDOWN CARDS
RIGHT OFF THE FIELD!
YEAH, BUT I DON'T HAVE
ANY FACEDOWN CARDS, T-BONE,
SO THAT MEANS YOU LOSE
ONE OF YOUR OWN CARDS.
THAT WAS MY PLAN!
IT'S DORMANT VOLCANO!
WHEN IT BLOWS,
YOU TAKE THE HIT AND LOSE
300 LIFE POINTS!
THAT'S RIGHT DAWG!
THIS CARD IS THE BOMB!
[SCREAMING]
BY THE WAY, MY VOLCANO
HAS ANOTHER PHAT ABILITY!
DURING THE NEXT STANDBY
PHASE, WE BOTH GETS TO ADD
A FIRE MONSTER TO OUR HANDS!
BUT FIRST THE ROCK
IS KEEPING IT REAL!
SO LOOK OUT!
[GRUNTING]
I'M OUT!
SO IT'S YOUR TURN,
JELLY ROLL! NOW STEP UP!
YA KNOW, THIS
WOULD'VE BEEN A REALLY
FUN DUEL, BRO.
BUT YOU KIDNAPPED
MY FRIENDS AND I
WANNA KNOW WHY!
THIS DUEL AIN'T
ABOUT YOUR FRIENDS.
IF I DON'T GET MAD PROPS
RIGHT NOW, THEN I'M DONE.
THIS DUEL'S
ABOUT SURVIVAL.
WHAT DO YA MEAN?
THINK, DAWG!
I'M TALKIN' ABOUT
ALL MY POWER!
IF I DON'T WIN,
SARINA'S GONNA
TAKE IT AWAY, YO!
HM. WELL, JUST
TRUST YOURSELF.
THAT'S SOMETHING
NO ONE
CAN TAKE AWAY.
NOW ON WITH
THE DUEL! READY?
I PLAY MY BUBBLEMAN!
AND NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
WHENEVER HE'S THE ONLY
CARD ON MY FIELD,
I GET TO PICK UP
TWO MORE CARDS!
MY FIRST ONE IS
O-OVERSOUL,
WHICH LETS ME DO THIS--
BRING BACK MY SPARKMAN!
AND THEN IT'S
POLYMERIZATION TIME!
SO I'LL TAKE
MY BUBBLEMAN, ADD
A LITTLE SPARKMAN,
AND THROW IN
AN AVIAN TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO TEMPEST!
WANT MORE?
HOW ABOUT ELEMENT SWORD?
NOW WHEN TEMPEST
FIGHTS A MONSTER WITH
A DIFFERENT ATTRIBUTE,
HE GETS
800 ATTACK POINTS!
WHAT DID JADEN SAY?!
I FORGOT MY
HEARING AID AGAIN!
GO, TEMPEST!
CUT HIS GRANMARG
DOWN TO SIZE!
YO, YOU FORGOT
MY SPELL CARD!
GET UP IN HERE,
GRANMARG!
GUESS WHAT, COUS.
MY MOVE! CHECK IT OUT.
REMEMBER MY VOLCANO?
NOW WE SEARCH OUR DECKS,
YA KNOW,
FOR A FIRE MONSTER!
THEN WE CAN KICK IT
TO THE FIELD!
WELL, I GOT MINE!
AND I PICK THIS GUY.
WHAT'S HE GONNA DO
AGAINST LIGHTNING CRASH,
BESIDES CRASH AND BURN?
KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE ANY THUNDER MONSTER
I WANT GOES TO MY HAND!
THEN I'LL LAY THIS DOWN
AND SACRIFICE MY GRANMARG!
BUT DON'T WORRY.
HE'S COMIN' BACK!
Aster, thinking: HE JUST
ACTIVATED GRANMARG'S ABILITY!
I CAN DESTROY A TRAP CARD,
LIKE MY DROWSING POINT!
AND NOW ITS
SPECIAL EFFECT KICKS IN!
SO I CAN TAKE
A MONSTER FROM MY DECK
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND!
PRETTY IMPRESSIVE.
YEAH, WELL, YOU DON'T
KNOW THE HALF OF IT, HOMES!
YA SEE, ALL MY PEEPS BE
READY AND WAITIN' NOW!
AND THEY'RE BRINGIN'
ON THE HURT!
ALL RIGHT. THEN BRING IT!
FO' SHO'! IT STARTS
WITH THIS--
MY SHADOW MOON SPELL!
FIRST I CHECK MY FIELD,
AND THEN I CHECK MY HAND.
AND IF I HAPPEN
TO HAVE 4 MONSTERS WITH
4 DIFFERENT ATTRIBUTES,
THEN WE IN
BUSINESS, BOY-EE,
'CAUSE I CAN DIS 'EM
ALL TO PLAY A MAD
POWERFUL FIELD SPELL!
THAT'S RIGHT!
I'M GONNA PLASTER
MY CRIB WITH BLUE MOON!
SO I SACRIFICE ZABORG
THE THUNDER MONARCH,
MOBIUS THE FROST MONARCH,
THESTALOS
THE FIRESTORM MONARCH.
AND THE POSSE'S LEGIT
WITH GRANMARG!
THANKS TO BLUE MOON,
THEY COMBINE TOGETHER!
NOW GIVE IT UP
AS THE ORIGINAL GANGSTER
MONSTER TAKES THE STAGE!
PUT YOUR HANDS TOGETHER
FOR M.C. DEMIURGE EMA!
NOT BAD.
TRUE THAT, HOMES.
NEXT MY BLUE MOON
TAKES ONE CARD FROM
EACH SIDE OF THE FIELD
AND TRANSFORMS 'EM!
THAT'S RIGHT.
THEY GET ALL TRICKED OUT
AND TURN
INTO HOMUNCULUS TOKENS.
MY ELEMENT SWORD!
YIKES.
NOW CHECK IT OUT,
'CAUSE THIS NEXT PART
IS OFF DA HOOK!
SEE, FOR EVERY HOMUNCULUS
TOKEN THAT'S CHILLIN'
ON THE FIELD,
MY BOY DEMIURGE
GETS AN EXTRA
800 ATTACK POINTS!
MORE THAN ENOUGH
TO TAKE YOU OUT!
KICK IT, BIG D!
I ACTIVATE MY TEMPEST'S
SPECIAL EFFECT!
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO IS SEND
ONE CARD TO THE GRAVEYARD,
AND TEMPEST CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
AND WITH ONE LESS TOKEN,
YOUR MONSTER LOSES
800 POINTS!
BIG DEAL!
HE'LL STILL
BRING THE PAIN!
[SCREAMING]
YOU GOT NOTHING!
WRONG, BRO!
I STILL HAVE A HUNDRED
LIFE POINTS LEFT!
THEN YOU BETTER USE 'EM,
'CAUSE NEXT ROUND
IT'S PEACE OUT FOREVER!
DON'T YOU GET IT, J-DAWG?!
I AIN'T JUST SOME CHUMP!
I'VE BEEN GIVEN THE POWER
TO DUEL ANYONE, YO!
DON'T YOU WANT TO DUEL
WITH YOUR OWN POWER,
'CAUSE OTHERWISE,
WHAT'S THE POINT?
YOU'LL NEVER KNOW HOW
GOOD YOU REALLY ARE.
DUELING'S ABOUT
THINKING ON YOUR FEET
AND TRUSTING YOURSELF!
BUT WHEN YOU START
RELYING ON SOMEONE
ELSE TO HELP YOU WIN,
WELL, GUESS WHAT.
FORGET THE SCOREBOARD,
BECAUSE YOU'VE
ALREADY LOST!
WHENEVER I DUEL,
IT'S FOR REAL, T-BONE!
Grandpa: THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT YUGI WOULD SAY!
ENOUGH TALK.
WATCH THIS!
NOW I ACTIVATE...
DE-FUSION,
WHICH BRINGS BACK
AVIAN, BUBBLEMAN,
AND SPARKMAN.
AND NOW FOR
A SACRIFICE!
I'LL TOSS BUBBLEMAN
AND AVIAN SO I
CAN PLAY HIM--
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
A LITTLE SPELL CARD
I LIKE TO CALL
COMMON SOUL!
FIRST OFF, IF
I HAPPEN TO HAVE
ANOTHER NEO-SPACIAN
IN MY HAND,
I GET TO SUMMON IT!
SO I'M GONNA PLAY
MY FLAME SCARAB!
AND THAT'S
NOT ALL!
FOR EACH OF YOUR
SPELL OR TRAP CARDS,
HIS ATTACK POINTS
GO UP BY A WHOPPING
400 POINTS PER CARD!
AND SINCE
T-BONE HAS TWO,
HE GETS ALL OF
800 POINTS!
YOU HAVE PAINS
IN ALL YOUR JOINTS? ME, TOO.
NEWSFLASH. IT'S OVER.
JADEN'S MONSTER'S STILL
NOT STRONG ENOUGH.
WHEN DID THE DUEL START?
THERE'S MORE!
MY COMMON SOUL'S
NOT DONE YET!
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF NEOS ARE ABOUT TO
GET ANOTHER BOOST,
'CAUSE MY SCARAB IS
DONATING HIS POINTS!
UH...
SPEECHLESS?
WAIT TILL YOU SEE
THIS NEXT TRICK!
IT'S CALLED GIFT
OF THE MARTYR!
NOW ALL I HAVE
TO DO IS SACRIFICE
SPARKMAN!
AND GUESS WHO HIS
ATTACK POINTS GO TO?
YUP! MY ELEMENTAL
HERO NEOS!
THAT AIN'T RIGHT!
FIFTY-FOUR GRAND?
YOU GOT IT, BRO!
COSMIC CRUSH!
[GRUNTING]
AND NOW THAT
YOUR DEMIURGE
BIT THE DUST,
YOU LOSE YOUR
TOKEN ALSO!
THAT MEANS
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE WIDE OPEN!
LET'S WRAP THIS UP!
FLAMING ARROW ATTACK!
[SCREAMING]
Grandpa: WHERE AM I?
HEY, DON'T WORRY
ABOUT IT.
YOU MAY NOT
BELIEVE IT,
BUT SOMETIMES LOSING
A DUEL IS THE BEST
WAY TO WIN.
HUH?
I MEAN IT!
T-BONE, NOW YOU
CAN START OVER.
YOU CAN FIND
THE DUELING POWER
INSIDE YOURSELF.
YEAH, WELL, IT'D BE A LOT
EASIER TO JUST RUN AWAY.
THAT'S NOT
THE RAPPER WANNABE
I KNOW.
MY FAVORITE HOMEBOY
WOULD NEVER GIVE UP!
WORD! I STILL GOT GAME!
CALL ME FOR
A REMATCH, DAWG!
[LAUGHTER]
Grandpa, thinking:
DOES HE POSSESS
THE SAME SPIRIT AS YUGI?
THAT'S GAME! NOW,
IF YA DON'T MIND, I'M
OFF TO FIND MY FRIENDS!
HUH?
[GASP]
OH, NO! SARINA!
DON'T BE HATING!
[SCREAMS]
T-BONE?
[SCREAMING]
[GASP]
HUH?
IT'S HER!
JADEN, WE FINALLY MEET.
THAT WAS A VERY
IMPRESSIVE VICTORY.
YOU'RE QUITE POWERFUL.
NOW I CAN SEE WHY MY BROTHER
IS SO INTERESTED IN YOU.
WHAT DO YOU WANT
WITH ME?
[CHUCKLING]
HASSLEBERRY!
SYRUS!
YOU'D LIKE TO SEE
THEM AGAIN?
THEY'RE WAITING FOR YOU
AND FOR YOU, TOO, ASTER.
SAY WHAT? WHY ME?!
FOR THE TEST, OF COURSE.
YOU SEE, SARTORIUS
MAY HAVE BEEN WRONG...
[GASP]
FOR I FOUND SOMEONE
WHO DEFIES DESTINY.
ALL OF THE PIECES SEEM
TO REVOLVE AROUND HIM.
JADEN'S
NOT THE ONE?
THAT'S WHAT WE'RE
GOING TO FIND OUT.
Bastion: WHAT WAS
THAT ABOUT?
I DON'T KNOW, BUT
THE ANSWER'S IN KAIBA LAND.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪